{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\slmult1\qc{{\fs24 Works Cited}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. \uc0\u8220 About HIV/AIDS.\uc0\u8221  {\i Centers for Disease Control and Prevention}, CDC, 1 June 2021, www.cdc.gov/hiv/basics/whatishiv.html.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 ---. \uc0\u8220 Opportunistic Infections.\uc0\u8221  {\i Centers for Disease Control and Prevention}, 2019, www.cdc.gov/hiv/basics/livingwithhiv/opportunisticinfections.html.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Gay Center. \uc0\u8220 Defining LGBTQ.\uc0\u8221  {\i The Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center}, 2018, gaycenter.org/about/lgbtq/.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Jenks, TyRee. \uc0\u8220 LibGuides: LGBTQ Rights: Home.\uc0\u8221  {\i Libguides.msubillings.edu}, 9 Feb. 2022, libguides.msubillings.edu/c.php?g=902155&p=6492391.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 McNeil, Oliver, and Spencer Watson. \uc0\u8220 How LGBTQ Economic Equality Benefits Everyone.\uc0\u8221  {\i CLEAR}, 2 Oct. 2020, lgbtq-economics.org/2020/10/02/how-lgbtq-economic-equality-benefits-everyone/.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 National Institutive of Health. \uc0\u8220 HIV and Gay and Bisexual Men | HIVINFO.\uc0\u8221  {\i Hivinfo.nih.gov}, 23 Aug. 2021, hivinfo.nih.gov/understanding-hiv/fact-sheets/hiv-and-gay-and-bisexual-men.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 NBC News. \uc0\u8220 How the AIDS Crisis Changed the LGBT Movement | NBC News Now.\uc0\u8221  {\i Www.youtube.com}, 2020, www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC1e9Zrb7cI&t=194s. Accessed 3 Feb. 2023.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 PBS. \uc0\u8220 Timeline - 25 Years of Aids | the Age of Aids | FRONTLINE | PBS.\uc0\u8221  {\i Www.pbs.org}, www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/aids/cron/crontext.html.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Reinicke, Carmen. \uc0\u8220 For the LGBTQ Community, Family Brings Extra Benefits and Costs.\uc0\u8221  {\i CNBC}, 15 Nov. 2020, www.cnbc.com/2020/11/15/extra-benefits-and-costs-for-families-in-the-lgbtq-community.html.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Sullivan, Andrew. \uc0\u8220 The AIDS Fight: Andrew Sullivan on a History of the Movement.\uc0\u8221  {\i The New York Times}, 21 Nov. 2016, www.nytimes.com/2016/11/21/books/review/how-to-survive-a-plague-david-france.html.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Tatchell, Peter. \uc0\u8220 1980s: A Decade of State-Sanctioned Homophobia.\uc0\u8221  {\i Peter Tatchell Foundation}, 26 June 2015, www.petertatchellfoundation.org/1980s-a-decade-of-state-sanctioned-homophobia/.\par}}
}
